Embarrassing you is what my grandma said
The new secretary?
My grandson's secretary left
It requires personal attention
I want you to take care of it.
I just haven't found a job recently
Now the work problem is solved
Hmm grandma
Thank you for offering me a job
Hey
Mr. Li
I didn't know Grandma Li's grandson was you
What a coincidence
What are you pretending to be? Don't you mean Jilin?
I don't have it.
how
Li Beixian's attitude towards me suddenly became so bad
Did I offend him?
No, no, no. How do you know my grandma?
Go ahead.
How did you coax her into helping you enter history?
Mr. Li
I joined the History Group and everything was normal.
There is no back door as you said.
You're the one my grandma stuffed in
I'm embarrassed to say you go through the back door
Since Minwei has entered history
Just accept the mood you shouldn't have
I can't possibly like it.
It's him, get out
Since the last time I offended that dead old woman
Ignore me before
Now you don't even answer my phone
Go on like this
Madam Li's position is gone?
Libby Xie was brought up by Qin Mingzhu
They walk and send two relationship signals
If it was because Qin Mingzhu spoke
That's why Libby Xian snubbed you
Adhere to normal
Cousin, what are you talking about?
If I don't succeed in marrying into Lijiang
Your son has to be in trouble when he studies abroad